Congratulations, you made it through the entire course and you therefore learned a lot about progressive
web apps.
Now what are your next steps,
what can you do next? After this course,
I strongly encourage you to practice everything, you gained a lot of knowledge,
you learned a lot but without practicing, that knowledge will quickly be gone too or at least parts of
it.
Take the things you learned here and gradually enhance your next project and/or your existing projects,
that's what progressive web apps are for,
that's the progressive in the name. You can add the features you can need in your application to them,
you don't have to make a full conversion but I definitely encourage you to consider making your next
project a complete progressive web app for the many reasons outlined in this course.
Now besides practicing the things you learned, you can also dive deeper into the APIs, I gave you a very
thorough overview but of course there's always more you can do, for the geolocation,
you can try watching a user position instead of just getting the current one.
You can try recording a movie with the camera API.
You can dig into all the things you've learned and go beyond what you learned here in this course
and then there are other APIs I want to point your direction to, an upcoming API is the payments
API.
Now this is not yet implemented, at least at the point of time I'm recording this.
It'll be an API which once fully implemented makes checkout processes much easier. Instead of requiring
your users to enter credit card data,
you can basically hook into that API if you are developer of the page and the user will see a uniform
checkout form where he can add his credit card data once and then use it on all pages which support
this, kind of what you already know from native apps too where you can pay via the app stores for example.
Another important API
I want to point your direction to the web animations API.
We only added one basic animation through CSS in this course and there is nothing wrong with that,
if you can, use CSS it has powerful animation capabilities but with the web animations API which isn't
supported by all browsers but polyfills exist, you can control animations through Javascript,
that's not strictly better but sometimes gives you that extra control you need.
And there are of course other things, in general progressive web apps
never have a limit, you can keep on adding features,
just make sure to add them in a way that your app also still works on
older browsers and never forget the core, offline functionality and installability with the web app
manifest.
And with that, I can only encourage you to move on,
take these things,
dig deeper, practice,
have a look at these APIs or the ones you learned in this course and build amazing applications
with that.
I can't wait to see what you're going to build,
definitely share anything you have in this course.
Have a great time,
bye